# Csharp-EntityFramework-WepApi-Project
Starting Project to learn the basis of C#, Entity Framework, and WebApi.

12-26-15: Start working in the project, get into some difficulties with running Visual Studio 2013. I keep getting into an error when attempting to open the templates for ASP.Net Web Application describe as follow: "Visual Studio does not have permission to read the template information from the system registry. This is often caused by registry permission problems." Attempted to run the program with my Anti-Virus turn off. Attempted by repairing the software through the control panel programs and features and uninstalling the software and reinstalling the software. After attempted to uninstall the software and run a registry clean process according to the following video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stykuu7kT_4 which caused the computer to lose access to any folder or program and require me to restart the computer from a previous functional state. 

12-27-15: When ahead and attempt installing the Visual Studio 2015 version, and run into the same inconvenience. I attempted with uninstalling the software and any related component and running a registry cleaner, this time through the use of Wise Registry Cleaner a downloadable registry cleaner software. After cleaning the register, I installed the software again and attempt to run the software again receiving the same message when I tried to open the template.

12-28-15: Get Visual Studio to work in a different PC. Start working in the project without realizing the setup was for VB and not C# which created a minor set back. After download the example and notice some differences with the steps presented in the website. At the moment of declaring the classes the library using System.ComponentMode1.DataAnnotations; needs to be added. And the </review> needs to be remove from the end of the Product class.

After that build the project and add controllers (The data context class for the controllers is different from the one in the online example).

12-29-15: Start in the Package manager console running the command Enable-Migration, After went to the configuration.cs file in the migration folder and add the require lines of code. Add at the start using WebApplication1.Models something not referred to in the online tutorial. After went back to the Package Manager console and execute the commands Add-Migration Initiation and Update-Database, after took a look at the tables in the Server Explorer. After went to take care of the routing and modify the require fields according to the tutorial in the CustomersController and install Postman on Chrome. At last, went ahead and add the lines for the DTO in the CustomersController so it shows the customers as well as their orders details. It is important to notice that when the IList code is added to the controller the previous code needs to be commented so GetCustomers () does not get define twice.

Keep working on the project now testing the Post request using Postman. When following the steps in the example is important to notice that in Postman the header have two values that have to be filled as follow: Header: Content-Type and Value: application/json . When the Post request was send I keep experimenting the following error that actually does not prevent the creation of the Customer. The details in the error message are in the "Postman POST Error Message.txt" file.